Make Plugins Use Metadata Repository by Default (#557)
graalvm/native-build-tools: docs/src/docs/asciidoc/gradle-plugin.adoc

NOTE: This version of the plugin defaults to the using the metadata repository in version {metadata-repository-version}. There is nothing for you to configure if you are fine with this version. The repository is also published on Maven Central at the following coordinates: `org.graalvm.buildtools:graalvm-reachability-metadata:graalvm-reachability-metadata` with the `repository` classifier and `zip` extension, e.g. `graalvm-reachability-metadata-{gradle-plugin-version}-repository.zip`.

=== Configuring the metadata repository

> Metadata repository is enabled by default. Support can be disabled explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata repository support is enabled by default. Support can be disabled explicitly:
```

include::../snippets/gradle/kotlin/build.gradle.kts[tags=specify-metadata-repository-file]
----

> For each library included in the native image, the plugin will automatically search for GraalVM reachability metadata in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each library included in the native image, the plugin will automatically search for GraalVM image build configuration metadata in the repository.
```
